# The Code Train has Departed!

#### Author: Aakash Shrivastava
#### July 13th, 2024
#### 500 words

---


Hi readers, welcome to another read of our developer journey for Nataraj AI. I can say, the idea is getting mature and we're totally loving it. The idea inspires up and makes us want to work on it, well it is a common perception of most of the developers while they work on their projects lol. But yes, we really want to get something great out of it, and are pretty excited as well.




In the previous article, I'm not sure if I clearly mentioned what Nataraj AI would be doing, so I'll give a very brief outlook on what we're planning to add in the app. So, Nataraj AI is meant for two kind of people - the ones who know how to dance, and the ones who don't (me). The app lets the user choreograph a song for them, the song could be a famous one listed on platforms like spotify, or it could be a little underrated one as well eh? because hey, we fetch the lyrics from the song to analyse the overall sentiment of the song using Gemini's API. The lyrics are then broken down into smaller parts, and we generate the dance steps for them, again using the APIs. They would then be coordinated with the song and then a 3D model of the user, which they can customize, would be present to them and it'll portray the dance steps in the 3D space. So it's like recipe generator for dancing but in 3D and with so many amazing features!!



Moreover, the choreography generated would be stored in the user's profile, which could be shared to others as well by changing the visiblity to public and getting a link. The, on the mobile app version, the users can open a certain project, and practice the dance steps be keeping it at the level, and the user would face the camera. We're planning to use AR Core to superimpose the 3D model into the AR space, and using Tensorflow to match the posture at different frames and then generate a cummulative report for the same?



Does the idea seems cool enough? We hope yess.


Currently, we've completely finalised our design on Figma, and yes we're gonna take the amber yellow as our accent color. I'm working on the flutter part of the app currently, and Shruti is looking over the web part which is gonna be implemented on React. We've worked on our requirements from the backend pov, and have identified the services we'll need from firebase. We're currently planning to leverage services like auth, firestore, realtime database, FCM, dynamic links, crashlytics and a few more maybe. But let's see how well we proceed in order to achieve the functionalities of our application. By next week, we're planning that our UI would be done, as well as we'll explore on the 3D model thing, would seems a bit intriguing for now.
